Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
[TAKE ME AS I AM PLAYING]
♪ I've been lookin' too hard ♪
♪ For a home on the top ♪
♪ On the top
of the surface searchin'♪
♪ Lookin' for something deep ♪
♪ Thought
"It's too hard to reach" ♪
♪ Never thought
I was someone deservin'♪
♪ But it was all in my head ♪
♪ Heavy weight on my chest
only ever left me hurtin'♪
♪ Now I'm callin' a truce
on the war in my mind ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm finally learnin'
I'm not ♪
♪ Rollin' over. under
inside out ♪
♪ Turnin' myself
all the way around ♪
♪ What you see
is what you get. so ♪
♪ Baby. you can take me ♪
♪ As I am ♪
♪ Cause' I know I'ma take me ♪
♪ You can take it or leave it
You can take it or leave it ♪
[VOCALIZING]
Wow.
Hi. Millie!
Hi. Mrs. Winchester!
So nice to meet you.
Please call me Nina.
I've got some tea for us
and a charcuterie board.
Is it too early
for meat and cheese?
You know. that's what they have
for breakfast in Europe.
MILLIE: Wow. um.
you're just. this is...
I... I...
I'm just going to say.
I think you might be
overqualified for this job
with all this experience
and a college degree.
No. I know.
I just realized I really
enjoy being a housemaid.
You do?
For the right families.
of course.
Okay. What brought you back
to New York?
I missed it.
Well. I really love New England.
but I miss being in the city.
But you know this is
a live-in position. right?
I mentioned that in the ad.
didn't I?
Oh. yes. Oh. yeah.
No. of course. Yes. Yes.
Oh. God. okay.
- [EXCLAIMS]
- I miss being near the city.
not actually in the city.
It's a little crazy.
Yes. I fully agree with you.
Okay. so the job is
mostly organizing. cleaning.
light cooking.
if you're up for that.
Oh. absolutely.
I love to cook.
Amazing.
And then you would be
helping me with my daughter.
She's Cecilia. Cece.
She's seven years old
and. well. she's amazing.
Well. I can't wait
to meet her.
Oh. Good. Okay.
Would you like a grand tour
so you can...
see what you're
getting yourself into?
Sure.
NINA: And the kitchen.
My husband. Andrew. designed
this entire house soup to nuts.
He's an architect?
No. he's in tech.
But he pays
incredible attention
to every detail.
Now. these steps are. uh.
kind of nuts. I know.
Andrew says I'm totally gonna
kill myself one day on these.
I'm such a klutz.
I should just draw
my chalk outline on the bottom
and get it over with.
So there's another set
of stairs
on the other side of the house
that are less Guggenheim-y.
If you're into that.
Wow.
NINA: It's basically
Andrew's man cave.
but you are welcome to use it
anytime you want. of course.
You'd be part of the family.
which also means
that you would definitely have
to listen to his TED Talk
about how Barry Lyndonis
a misunderstood masterpiece.
This is the upper living room.
which we barely ever use.
to be honest.
You sure you even need
a housekeeper?
Well. actually.
I'm... expecting.
So I'm not gonna have
quite so much time
to keep everything so perfect.
But don't tell Andrew
because it's very early
and I want to be sure.
you know. before I tell him.
Yeah. Congrats.
Thank you.
This is Cece's room.
Andrew even made a little
miniature version
of our house for her.
- Isn't that sweet?
- Wow.
NINA: So the laundry room is
in the basement.
and that would be
your bathroom
and you would be upstairs.
You're gonna think
it's a little bit small.
but it's got a lot of privacy.
and we figured that that was
the most important thing.
Lots of light. though.
Ta-da!
You can make it your own.
of course.
You can hang posters
and bring in potted plants.
You can blast your music
as loud as you want
because we cannot
hear you downstairs.
What do you think?
- It's perfect.
- Okay. good.
Win!
Well. I'm still interviewing.
but I'm hoping
to make a decision soon.
Here you go.
Oh. no. you don't
have to do that.
Oh. no. I insist.
You spent your energy
and your time
and your gas money
to be here. Please.
I appreciate it.
I have a really good feeling
about this. Millie. I do.
Me too.
Okay. I'll be in touch.
[INAUDIBLE]
MILLIE: She won't be in touch.
That's the last time I'll ever
set foot in that house.
One background check.
and she'll see that everything
on that resume is a total lie.
I don't even wear glasses.
I'm just...
I'm trying to look legit.
So stupid.
[HAND DRYER BLOWING]
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
Um. can I get
a job application?
Yeah. sure.
- There you go.
- Thanks.
[HAND DRYER BLOWING]
MILLIE: I knew
she wouldn't call.
Why did I even think I had
a shot at that job?
Oh. well. at least I got
$20 out of it.
[SIGHS] I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
Roll it down.
Can't sleep here.
I'm so sorry. I...
I was driving
from my mom's house
and I got really sleepy.
and I just I pulled over
to take a nap. I'm sorry.
[PHONE VIBRATING]
This is her actually.
Do you mind if I take it?
She's probably freaking out.
Don't text and drive.
I won't. I promise.
- Hello?
- Hi. may I speak to Millie?
Uh. this is her. She.
This is Nina Winchester.
I'm calling
to offer you the job.
I mean. if you're
still available.
Uh. you've probably got
a million job offers.
No. I mean. yes. yes.
I would love to.
Uh. when would
you like me to start?
Oh. my goodness.[SIGHS]
As soon as possible?
Well. what about
this afternoon?
You know what?
- That would be great.
- Great.
Anyway. gotta run.
Bye. Millie.
MILLIE: [SOFTLY] Yes!
- [CLICK]
- [LINE RINGING]
Hey!
- Hey. I'm Millie.
- [LINE RINGING]
Do you work
for the Winchesters?
I'm trying to get in.
but I don't know the code.
[LINE BEEPS]
[GATES CLANK]
Nina?
Nina. it's Millie.
NINA: Millie?
Millie. Millie. Millie!
[EXCLAIMS] Welcome. Hi.
Sorry. I. um. meant
to leave the gate open.
Do you need me to help you bring
in your stuff from your car?
Oh. no. this is it.
- Great. Wow.
- Yeah.
Yeah. no. I put the rest of it
in a storage unit.
Okay. well. that's great. I'm
gonna put these up in your room.
Listen. I need
to write a PTA speech
that has to be a barn burner.
so I'm gonna be
stuck in my office.
But the cleaning supplies are
in this closet over there.
and... um. oh.
You're not wearing
your glasses.
Oh. I don't... I don't wear 'em
all the time. Contacts.
Oh.
Yeah. you look better
without them.
Yeah. Okay.
I'll be upstairs.
This is gonna be fun. Millie!
[TUMBLING DICE BY
LINDA RONSTADT PLAYING]
♪ People try to rape me
Always think I'm crazy ♪
♪ Make me burn
the candle right down ♪
♪ Baby ♪
[SONG CONTINUES PLAYING
ON HEADPHONES]
No shoes on the furniture.
Um. hey. Hi.
You must be... Cece.
I'm Millie.
Hello.
Oh. hey. Hi! You met Millie.
Hi. baby.
Millie's gonna be
living with us.
and she's gonna be helping
with the cooking
and the cleaning.
And you know what?
She might even play
Candy Landwith you
if you ask her
with a pretty please.
She's gonna live with us?
[LAUGHING] Yes.
Andrew. I told you that.
I said she was gonna be living
in the guest room in the attic.
Doesn't this place look
incredible. Look at it.
- Thank you.
- Well. Millie. welcome.
Uh. thank you.
Are you hungry?
I'm sure we can
turn this dinner for three
into a dinner for four.
No. I'm probably
just gonna go upstairs
and. uh. get all settled in.
- You sure?
- If you don't mind.
I'll just come down afterwards
and tidy up.
Yeah. get settled.
Yeah. take your time.
We're so happy
that you're here.
You just let us know
if you change your mind.
Thanks.
You ordered from the wrong
Italian place again.
NINA: Knock. knock.
Hi.
That window doesn't open. sadly.
But there's a lot
of ventilation in this room.
so you should never
get stuffy in here.
I got you some dinner.
Andrew always over-orders.
I put some water
in the mini fridge.
did you see that?
Yeah. I really don't
want to be a pain.
but if it is possible to try
and get the window open.
it'd be nice to get
some fresh air in here.
Yeah. I agree.
That's a great idea.
I will talk to the handyman
about that.
Okay. cool. Is that the guy
that's down in the yard?
No. that's Enzo.
He's the groundskeeper.
Never mind him.
And then if I could just
get a key for the deadbolt.
Oh. my God. yes. The deadbolt.
[CHUCKLES] That's so creepy.
This used to be Andrew's storage
closet for his files. Okay?
But. oh. my God.
closed window. deadbolt.
What kind of monsters are we?
- Uh...
- I will sort that out.
Oh. before I forget. Um...
This is for you. A present.
Also. just. I saw that your
phone was just really ancient.
and I wanted you to have that
because I uploaded
the credit card onto it
so you can use it
at the grocery store
and for gas.
Oh. um. I'll take good care
of it. Thank you.
Honestly. I'm like. so happy
that... you're here with us.
Thanks.
Can I give you a hug?
[SIGHS] Thank you. Millie.
Thank you. Okay.
Let me know
if you need anything else.
[YAWNS]
Shit.
[CLICKS]
[LOCK RATTLES]
No. no. no.
- [STRAINING]
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
No. no. no.
[DOOR CREAKS]
[SHRIEKING]
Nina?
- [SHOUTING] Where are they?
- Where are what?
My PTA notes
for the meeting tonight!
They were right here
on the counter.
and now they're not here.
- Where are they?
- I didn't see any notes.
Bullshit!
Where are they?
- Nina. no. no.
- ANDREW: Hey.
Hey! What's going on?
Millie threw away my notes
for the meeting tonight.
[SHOUTING] Where are they?
Nina. why don't we go
check your office?
I have to get up
and do a speech
in front of everybody
and now I have nothing!
- [OBJECTS CLATTERING]
- [SHRIEKING]
- ANDREW: Nina!
- [YELLING] What?
- [DRAWER SLIDING SHUT]
- [THUDS]
- Do you have a copy...
- [VESSELS CLINKING]
...on your computer?
I wrote them by hand!
Oh. fuck!
I always think better
when I write by hand.
Where's my nail at?
[SHRIEKS AND WHIMPERS]
[CRYING]
ANDREW: All right.
Come here. come here.
- [CRYING]
- It's okay.
[CRYING]
ANDREW: Let's take
a deep breath. okay?
- [NINA CONTINUES CRYING]
- Breathe. breathe. breathe.
- [SNIFFLES]
[EXHALES AND SNIFFLES]
I'm gonna pick you up.
- [NINA CRIES]
- [ANDREW GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[NINA SOBBING]
Here's the plan. I am going
to take Cece to school.
and you...
you are going to take
a hot shower.
You're gonna have
a nice long breakfast.
and then you have all day
to work on your speech.
and you can still make it
to the salon for a touch up.
You'll have just enough time
to get your roots done.
I love you so much.
- I love you.
You need to be
more careful next time.
You've ruined my entire day.
I'm sorry.
[ANDREW SIGHS]
I am so sorry.
Don-- Don't worry about it.
I don't know what's been
going on with her lately.
She's...
she's been on a real
emotional roller coaster.
Oh. it's probably the hor--
um. Mercury in retrograde.
Didn't peg you
for the star-chart type.
Guilty.
Let me help you clean up.
- It's a fuckin' mess in here.
- No. no. no. I got it.
I got it. You go get ready.
I don't want you
to be late for Cece.
Thank you.
- [TAPS COUNTERTOP]
- Tomorrow will be better.
It'll be better. I promise.
Okay.
- Yeah.
- [TAPS COUNTERTOP]
Cece! Let's hit the road!
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS]
[IN NON-NATIVE ACCENT]
What are you doing here?
I work here.
You...
[MUTTERS IN ITALIAN]
- [YAWNS]
- [BUCKET THUDS]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
I don't really
fit in very well
with those other PTA moms.
I guess I didn't realize
how stressed I've been.
It's probably just all the new
hormones making you go crazy.
I wouldn't say anything
to Andrew.
Get out.
I have to shower.
And you're gonna
handle dinner later.
MILLIE: Yeah.
ANDREW: It smells amazing.
MILLIE: It's chicken piccata.
ANDREW: Mmm.
Oh. I picked this up for Cece.
Oh. these are fantastic.
She's gonna love these.
Someone did not
get her snack today.
and she's a very hungry
little ballerina.
[MILLIE CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Why don't you get her started.
and I'll be right back down?
Okay.
[SIGHS]
Hey. Cece.
how was class?
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Would you. uh. like juice
or... or water?
Juice.
But this glass is dirty.
Really? I just took it out
of the dishwasher.
Juice is a privilege.
Not something you drink
out of a dirty glass.
Of course not.
[SIGHS]
This looks amazing.
Doesn't it. Cece? Way better
than dinosaur nuggets.
Hey. Millie.
why don't you grab
a place setting and join us?
Uh...
No. I... I already ate.
Oh. we insist.
Don't we. Cece?
Um...
I hope you guys like it.
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
Come in.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Sorry to bother you.
Got something for you.
Cece insisted.
- She's so sweet.
- Yeah.
[WHY IS SHE STILL HERE?
BY RENEE RAPP PLAYING]
♪ You can tell me ♪
♪ You don't love her ♪
♪ But you should
probably tell her too ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't keep...♪
[GASPS]
No. no. no.
Absolutely fucking not!
Oh. my God.
I want you to feel safe here.
I do.
For your door. as requested.
Thanks.
So how was last night?
With Andrew?
Good.
I made chicken piccata.
He's a dream. isn't he?
He pretends to like everything
I make him.
even if he hates it.
Mmm.
That's a lot of bacon. Millie.
Are you trying to kill us?
Where are you going?
I have...
Saturday off.
Isn't that
what we talked about?
No. I...
I can't spare you today.
I missed
my hair salon appointment
because you threw away
my notes. [CHUCKLES]
Remember?
I have a meeting
that I can't miss.
[SCOFFS]
You have a meeting?
What's the meeting for?
If I could just have
a couple hours off.
and then I'll come back.
Millie. absolutely not.
- ANDREW: Baby?
- I can't have you... What?
Sweetheart. it's okay.
She can go.
- But. Andy. it's your day off.
- I know. exactly.
And that's why we're gonna go
to the park... fly this kite.
And we've been waiting
all week to fly. right?
We're doing donuts.
we're doing kites.
and then we're doing ballet.
Go. Take your time.
- Bye. Mama.
- Bye. baby.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Have fun.
Thanks.
[DOOR OPENS]
PAM: Hey. how are you doin'?
MILLIE: I'm good.
Still writing in your journal?
Uh. yeah.
Do you wanna read it?
God. no.
I have enough shit
to read as it is.
So you left the job
at Charlie's?
Well. this housekeeping job
just sort of fell into my lap.
And it's live-in.
so I'm saving a fortune on rent.
Okay. that's good.
I have my new address here.
and phone number.
The family is really amazing.
I feel... I feel lucky.
Must make meeting new people
a little tough. though.
having to live with a family.
I mean. you would
think that. right?
But I have already met
a ton of really cool nannies.
Any mannies in there?
[CHUCKLES]
Are you asking me
about my love life. Pam?
If I know how Tinder works.
or if I'm horn dogging
all over Great Neck
because I haven't gotten laid
in ten years?
No. I'm just saying
human connections are important.
Definitely.
But hold onto this job.
Millie.
And the living situation.
You'll need both.
or you'll be back at Bedford
serving the five years
left on your sentence.
And I don't like that for you.
I don't like that
for me. either.
[PHONE VIBRATING]
- Hi. Nina. I'm just--
- I need you to pick up Cece
from ballet class. 1:45.
and don't be late.
[LINE DISCONNECTS]
Um. okay. where is it? Nina?
What?
Ballet school?
Ballet class.
Little kids.
Fuck.
INSTRUCTOR: Tendu right.
And curtsy
and open to the left.
Foot behind you.
Excellent. and close to first.
Fabulous class today.
Thank you.
Let's go get
our bags and shoes.
- Great job.
- [DOORBELL CHIMING]
- Hi. Who are you looking for?
- Uh. Cece.
Cecilia Winchester.
Are you Nina's new girl?
- Yes. Hi. I'm Millie.
- Hi.
MILLIE: Hi!
Cece! Hey.
I'm here to pick you up.
I'm spending the night
at Emma's.
We arranged it weeks ago.
She has all her things.
Oh. no. no. no.
Nina just called me
and asked me to pick her up.
so she probably
changed her mind.
PATRICE: Oh.
[EXHALES] Okay. let me check.
Nina!
Hi. it's Patrice.
Your girl is here.
She's insisting
she needs to pick up Cece.
[PATRICE CHUCKLES]
I know.
No. it's no problem at all.
It's impossible to find
reliable help.
Oh. would you like to confirm?
[MILLIE INHALES]
Have fun.
We figured it out.
Okay. take care. Bye.
Wow.
they really are beautiful.
NINA: So happy
we'll be able to use them.
Mother Winchester.
Well. the pattern is vintage.
of course.
NINA: Millie.
I told you Cece was having
a sleepover tonight.
There was no need
to make a scene.
- [MILLIE INHALES]
- [MOTHER SIGHS]
This is how you allow the help
to dress in your home?
Uh. this is Andrew's mother.
Mrs. Winchester.
She's downsizing.
so she has brought us
her mother's china.
- Yes.
- NINA: Isn't it lovely?
Isn't it?
- Yes.
- I know.
Andrew loves these dishes.
I want you...
to put them somewhere safe
'cause Nina's likely
to trip over herself
and smash them all to pieces.
- [MOTHER CHUCKLES]
- [DOOR OPENS]
- Guilty as charged.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- MOTHER: Andrew!
- ANDREW: Oh.
- Mother.
- Oh. Andrew. where's your tie?
ANDREW: I know.
I'm too casual. I'm sorry.
- Your hair is fabulous.
- Thank you. darling.
Not a root in sight. Is...
- Is that what I think it is?
- Yes. it is.
Can't wait to eat off
of those plates.
MOTHER: Family heirlooms.
- So happy it's back.
- Me too.
[SIGHS]
This fucking window.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[WOOD SQUEAKING SOFTLY]
[WOMAN SPEAKING ON TV]
Dishes are still in the sink.
MAN 1: Yeah. I know.
I'm kinda lettin' em soak.
WOMAN: Uh.
they've been soaking
- for three days.
- [LAUGH TRACK]
MAN: Well. now.
you know. it's kinda...
Glug. glug. glug.
glug. glug. Ding.
...home
with everybody going out.
I'm going to ask you one...
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN: I'm not gonna ask you
what you sell.
I'm gonna go on here
to Patsy. all right?
ANDREW: Ah. Family Feud.
I'm so sorry.
Um... I...
I couldn't get some...
- I'll leave you alone.
- No. no. Please.
- Get out of your way.
- Sit. please. No. sit.
Come on.
Please stay.
Oh. I love this show.
Me too.
I've only ever seen
the Steve Harvey one.
- Really? Oh. this is classic.
- Yeah.
This is Richard Dawson.
Fashion icon.
- He's an OG.
- Yeah?
He has
some spectacular sideburns.
He sure does.
Man. my family would have
killed on this show.
They are absolute vultures.
Especially my mother.
What about you?
You... your. um...
parents. are they game people?
Oh. we don't really
keep in touch anymore.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
That's gotta be hard.
Uh. not really. no.
I mean. even if we were.
they probably wouldn't...
be into this.
They're kinda like
the opposite of fun.
Well. I'll tell you what.
You can be on our team.
It'd be me and you...
and Nina and my mom.
Nina's parents don't
make the cut?
They died when she was a kid.
- That's awful.
- Yeah.
It's a crazy story. actually.
They died in a house fire.
No one knows
how it was started.
Nina made it out.
her parents didn't.
For a long time. the police
actually thought that she...
Can you imagine...
living with that
your entire life?
- That'd be terrible.
- What would be terrible?
ANDREW: There she is.
Hey.
RICHARD: Name a cartoon bird.
[BUZZER BEEPING]
What are you doing up?
What do you mean?
I can say the same about you.
I'm watching Family Feud.
NINA: Mmm.
- At 2:00 a.m.?
- You wanna get in on this?
Some Dawson? Wanna get
some Dawson on you?
No. I'm good. It's...
Baby. it's 2:00 a.m.
Okay.
I'mma go to bed. [SIGHS]
Let me know how it ends.
All right.
Goodnight.
- I'll be right up.
- Okay.
Uh. cartoon bird.
little Katie.
Three answers remaining.
- KATIE: Daffy Duck.
- Um.
RICHARD: Let's see
if you made it.
It's late. I should
probably get some sleep.
[PEOPLE CHEERING ON TV]
[REMOTE CLICKING]
This isn't working.
- What?
- This isn't working.
So I'm gonna need you
to pack your stuff
and leave
first thing in the morning
before Cece wakes up.
So she doesn't get upset.
No. Nina.
I... I...
I didn't think anyone was
gonna be down here.
You told me I could use
the screening room.
I'm gonna need
the phone back as well.
Please. Nina.
- [SCOFFING]
- I will do anything
to make it up to you.
I promise.
Can you just give me...
one more chance?
[NINA SIGHS]
Um...
Fine.
One week.
Okay?
But you're gonna
have to dress appropriately
around the house from now on.
Yeah. of course. Sorry.
Oh. Millie.
Stay the fuck away
from my husband.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYS]
[OVEN DINGS]
- JILIANNE: Mmm.
- And so my nanny's going on
and on about her dead dog.
and I don't mean
to be a B-I-T-C-H.
but since when did I become
a canine grief counselor?
Meanwhile.
Emma is late for school.
- WOMEN: Mmm.
- I'm missing yoga.
You know what yoga means
to me.
- It's everything.
- That's so unfortunate.
Thank you.
[INHALES]
Well. we are going to be
looking for a nanny soon.
[GASPS] Oh. my God. Nina!
You're pregnant.
- Nina. [CHUCKLES]
- I knew it.
No. Not... Not yet.
We are making a plan.
We've been going to see
this incredible
fertility specialist
in the city.
- Cool.
- Andrew insists
on sparing no expense.
of course. So. yeah.
- That's wonderful.
- JILIANNE: Ooh. yeah.
We will find you the most
fantastic nanny. I promise.
- Absolutely.
- Thanks.
Oh. this is
Cece's pediatrician.
- I will be right back.
- SUZANNE: Oh.
Fill our tea.
JILIANNE: Oh. my God.
I'm so sorry.
I really thought
she was pregnant.
I know.
we were all thinking it.
I mean.
have you seen her skin?
God. and how about
those roots?
My God.
You'd think she would take
better care of herself
for Andrew.
- He's so fucking hot.
- He is.
And especially because
they have an airtight prenup.
- JILIANNE: Mmm.
- Okay. You know.
she did not have a dime
when they got married.
She'll be sleeping
on the street
if she doesn't get
her shit together.
Cece? Would he get custody.
considering...
PATRICE: Of course.
After what she did.
How many months she spent
in that awful psych ward?
- JILIANNE AND SUZANNE: Nine.
- [PATRICE CHUCKLING] Nine.
Nine months. [SCOFFS]
I mean. good Lord.
I do not know
how he puts up with her.
PATRICE:
Because he is a saint.
- He's a hot saint.
- [PATRICE EXCLAIMS]
- Hot Saint Andrew. Oh. my God.
- [ALL CHUCKLING]
- SUZANNE: Ooh.
- What did I miss?
Oh. we're just talking
spring fundraiser.
- PATRICE: Ooh.
- Please.
save us with a theme idea.
Stop lurking.
MILLIE: Those women were right
about one thing.
Andrew is definitely a saint
for standing by Nina.
I can't believe she lied
about being pregnant.
Everything she's told me
is a lie.
It wasn't the hormones
making her crazy.
She actually is crazy.
Poor Andrew.
As soon as I save up
enough money.
I am out of here.
Today wasn't a total disaster.
Uh. thank you.
I'm gonna need you
to watch Cece next Saturday.
Andrew and I have
an appointment in the city.
and I know it's your day off.
but I trust
that it won't be a problem.
Uh...
- We'll have fun.
- Good.
Haloperidol.
Acute fucking psychosis?
Hey. Lexi.
it's Millie. Listen.
I really need to make
some extra money
so I can quit this job.
Do you think
you could. um. ask your cousin
if I could get a job
at the warehouse?
I'll do anything. I'll clean.
I'll set boxes.
I'll scrub toilets.
I just really need
to get out of here.
You're leaving?
What?
No. no. no.
I'm gonna...
make you lunch.
What are you in the mood for?
A bologna sandwich?
Okay.
But you said you needed
to get out of this place
on the phone just now.
No.
You misheard me.
One bologna sandwich
coming right up.
So how was. uh...
how was school this week?
Learn anything fun
or interesting?
It's school.
It's not fun or interesting.
What about boys?
- [EXCLAIMS]
- Got any crushes?
Ew. no. Why would you even
ask me that?
I am just...
trying to make
some small talk.
Forget it.
I'm not hungry anyway.
Okay.
You don't have to be
my friend. you know.
It's not part of your job.
Well. I'd like to be.
Why?
'Cause I like you.
No. you don't.
CECE: "Do you want juice
or water?"
"Juice. please."
"Don't spill.
"Juice is a privilege."
"I won't."
"Did you go to the salon today?"
"Yes."
"You look very nice."
- "Thank you."
- Cece. would you like some
dinosaur chicken nuggets
and ketchup?
Ketchup makes a mess.
Yes. it does.
[CECE SIGHS]
[MILLIE SIGHS]
Cece. where did you find
this troll?
Were you in my room?
Cece. this troll is
very special to me.
I don't want you going into
my room. do you understand?
You need to stay
out of the attic.
- So do you.
- [DOOR BANGING]
- ANDREW: Hey.
- [NINA EXCLAIMING]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[CRYING]
[SIGHS] Hey. Cece.
can you go play
in your bedroom
for a little bit. please?
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDING]
- What happened?
- [TEAPOT WHISTLING]
ANDREW: Premature
ovarian insufficiency.
We've been trying for years.
At least now we know.
- I'm sorry.
- I've just... [SIGHS]
Man. I've just always wanted
a lot of kids.
Like a... Like a whole
soccer team full.
[CLEARS THROAT] Nina and I
were only children like you.
[CABINET KNOB CLICKS]
Well. at least you have Cece.
Of course. of course.
I know it sounds selfish.
I love Cece.
I've always wanted a child
of my own with Nina.
I didn't realize...
Oh. Cece is...
she's absolutely my daughter.
She's just not
my biological daughter.
You're an amazing dad.
Look. I just really don't know
how she's gonna take this.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
She's been so fragile lately.
I really don't think that she
can handle the disappointment.
She has you.
I don't think
that I am enough.
[OBJECTS CLATTERING]
- [NINA SCREAMING]
- [CLANKS]
NINA: It's not fair!
I did everything I could!
ANDREW: Nina.
it's not your fault.
- [SHATTERING]
- NINA: You wish I was gone.
ANDREW: God! Wait! Nina. no!
- Hello?
- ANDREW: No. no. no!
Andrew. are you...
are you okay?
What?
Oh. my God.
- Andrew. are you okay?
- [CHUCKLING]
What? You overheard
those PTA cunts
saying that I'm crazy?
That I don't deserve
my husband?
That I belong in a nuthouse?
Andrew!
Let go of this.
- Wrap this around your hand.
- Thank you.
Alive and well.
[SPRAYING]
[NINA SIGHS]
I cleaned up
the mess from last night.
Sorry I wasn't honest
about the baby.
I guess I was...
trying to manifest.
Or something.
It's okay. I get it.
[CHUCKLES]
I don't know... [CHUCKLING]
...how I'm gonna
face Andrew's mother.
Anyway.
I realized I need to stop
holding onto things
and just start fresh.
So these are
practically brand-new.
and I want you to have them.
I...
I... I can't.
No. seriously.
these are gonna be thrown
in the bin at Goodwill.
This would look
amazing on you.
Millie. take it.
Thanks.
Well. Andrew took Cece
to pancakes.
so you don't really have to
worry about breakfast
this morning.
But I do need a favor.
I need you to look into tickets
for a musical called Showdown.
Andrew's been dying to see it.
and I want to do something to
make it up to him.
Sure. [CHUCKLES]
This Saturday.
if you can manage.
and an overnight
at a high-end hotel.
Splurge on a suite.
Something romantic.
And Cece will be
at a friend's house.
I'll arrange for her to...
uh. be out of the house
and you can just have
the weekend to yourself.
That sounds great.
I'll see what I can do.
You're a lifesaver. Millie.
I don't know
what I'd do without you.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[PIANO MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXHALES]
You're with
the Winchesters. right?
- Yeah.
- I'm with the Leightons.
Suzanne?
Right.
Cece's not that good. is she?
[LAUGHS]
Don't worry.
No one gives her any shit.
Not after everything
she's been through.
What do you mean?
Seriously?
All the psycho mom shit?
I know she spent some time
in a psych ward. but...
Um...
Nina Winchester tried
to drown her kid in a bathtub.
- What?
- Yeah.
It's like all the PTA bitches
talk about.
When Cece was a baby.
Nina threw her
in a tub of running water.
then tried to off herself
by swallowing
a shit ton of pills.
Luckily. her husband got
freaked out
when he couldn't get
ahold of her.
then called the police
for a wellness check.
It's. like. fucked up. right?
INSTRUCTOR: Great job.
dancers. Thank you.
- Let's get our belongings.
- GIRL: All right.
[SIGHS]
- Your car smells like feet.
- Thank you.
Hey.
What do you know
about this family?
Sorry. no English.
Oh. bullshit.
I know you shouldn't be here.
- [DOOR OPENS]
- Why?
NINA: Leave him alone.
[DOOR CLOSES]
You've no business
talking to Enzo.
[SCOFFS] What is this?
They're the Broadway tickets
and the hotel reservation.
- For Saturday?
- Yeah.
But why would I have you
book tickets...
for the day that I'm driving
Cece to arts camp in D.C.?
- Why would I do that?
- I don't know. but you did.
No. I didn't.
And I assume that these
are non-refundable now.
at this point?
Nina. I did
what you asked me to do.
Fine. They're gonna
come out of your paycheck.
And I'm so sorry about that.
but it was your mistake.
and you're gonna have to cover
the fee.
Nina. I can't afford that.
I don't care!
It was your mistake.
You're gonna cover it.
Nina. that's more
than I have saved.
Hey.
- Hello.
- NINA: Hi.
Just about
cleaned out the florist.
so otherwise I would have...
I would have got you more.
What's wrong?
Millie booked tickets
for a non-refundable weekend
for us
that we can't even use.
And she's gonna have
to pay for it. Sorry.
No. she doesn't.
That's okay.
We'll just call the credit card
company and have it reversed.
I don't think that's a thing.
ANDREW: That is a thing.
That's a thing.
You don't have to pay
for anything.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
[SIGHS]
Sweetheart?
[SOFT THUDS]
ANDREW: All this stuff
for a week?
I don't want her
to get homesick.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[WATER RUNNING]
Okay. Sorry. Shit. Okay.
Sorry.
I am so sorry. I usually get
dressed before I come out.
No. it's really my fault.
I was actually just...
I was coming
to confess something to you.
I wanted to let you know
that I couldn't get
the tickets refunded.
- Shit.
- Yeah.
So I think
you should take them
and go to the show
with a friend
and stay in the room.
charge whatever you want.
Room service.
I want you to enjoy yourself.
That is...
really nice of you. but...
I can't. I don't have anyone
I can bring.
You gotta have somebody.
I wish I did. but I don't.
[ANDREW SIGHS]
Okay. well. just. um...
how about you and I go?
We can come back tonight.
I can...
I can sweeten the deal
a little bit.
throw in a slice of pizza.
maybe a hot apple cider?
I'll just tell Nina that I...
exchanged the tickets
and I can take her next week.
No. I can't have you do that.
Oh. come on. we could both
use a night out.
I know we could.
Why not?
I mean. it's supposed to be
a great show.
Okay.
Great. We're going.
[CINNAMON GIRL BY LANA DEL REY
PLAYING]
♪ Cinnamon ♪
♪ In my teeth ♪
♪ From your kiss ♪
♪ You're touching me ♪
Great dress.
♪ All the pills ♪
♪ That you take ♪
♪ Violet. blue. green
red to keep me ♪
♪ At arm's length don't work ♪
♪ You try to push me out ♪
♪ But I just find my...♪
Thanks for coming.
♪ Violet. blue. green. red
to keep me out. I win ♪
♪ There's things
I wanna say to you ♪
♪ But I'll just let you live ♪
♪ Like if you hold me
without hurting me ♪
♪ You'll be the first
who ever did ♪
♪ There's things
I wanna talk about ♪
♪ But better not to give ♪
♪ But if you hold me
without hurting me ♪
♪ You'll be the first
who ever did ♪
♪ Be the first who ever did ♪
- I'm hungry.
- Yeah. I'm hungry.
- I could eat. Yeah.
- Yeah? [CHUCKLES]
Wasn't pizza
a part of this deal?
- Yeah. it was.
- Yeah?
Yeah. You know what?
I think I got a better idea.
MILLIE: Holy shit.
that was amazing.
[ANDREW SIGHS]
- It was. wasn't it?
- Yeah.
ANDREW: Yeah.
MILLIE: This place is
really fancy.
Well. it's charming.
in an old New York
kind of way.
Yeah.
I... I don't...
[CHUCKLING] I don't really
know what I should order.
Well. how about we just get
one of everything?
- Everything?
- Everything.
- [CHUCKLING] We can't do that.
- Yeah. we can.
You like martinis?
I guess. I don't know.
- Well. I guess we'll find out.
- Yeah.
To new adventures.
Cheers.
ANDREW: I mean.
you're funny. you're...
you're caring.
you're great with kids.
I just don't understand why
you're cleaning people's houses.
You should be out there
living your best life.
And have you ever thought
about what
you want to do with your time
on this Earth?
- I don't know. No. not really.
- Why not?
[MILLIE INHALES]
What about you?
Are you...
living your best life doing...
I don't even know what you do.
I run a data processing company
that my father left me.
Basically. I get paid
a lot of money
to do really boring shit.
- Gotcha.
- I mean. all I've ever
really wanted to do
was to be a husband
and a father. honestly.
That's really sweet.
What about you?
Do you want kids?
Yeah.
Someday.
With the right person.
of course.
I mean. I... I...
feel like I won the lottery
with Nina. and I should feel
- like I'm living my best life.
- But you're not?
I love my wife.
I really do.
I just feel like
she's angry all the time.
and I don't know why.
I feel like every conversation
we have ends in a tirade.
If it makes you feel
any better. same. [CHUCKLES]
I mean. she used to be
so different. She was. uh...
She was... loving.
and she was kind.
and she was generous.
She was affectionate.
I mean. all I want to do is
make her happy
and I genuinely
don't know how.
Andrew. it's not you.
I should not have said that.
I'm sorry.
No. it's okay. I mean. I see
the way that she treats you.
and I hate it.
I hate it.
I feel like
I'm letting you down.
You're not.
Pretty sure there's
a dance floor in there.
[CHUCKLES]
- You want to go dancing?
- Should we hit it?
[CHUCKLING]
Yeah.
Let's dance.
♪ Will your eyes
return to mine?♪
♪ Will our day start
to shine?♪
♪ It was winter ♪
♪ Now let's move
right into spring ♪
♪ Let the birds sing ♪
[FAINT CLAPPING]
[ANDREW CHUCKLES]
I don't suppose you feel sober
enough to drive us home?
Not really. no.
I think we got a problem.
RECEPTIONIST:
And you're all set.
They're not adjoining.
but they're on the same floor.
- Thanks.
- ANDREW: Mm.
Shit. my phone's dead.
Oh.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Of course. Have a great stay.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
I'll see you in the morning.
Good night.
[SIGHS]
[WATER RUNNING]
Do not blow up your life.
- [THUNDER RUMBLING]
- [SIGHS]
[PHONE VIBRATING]
Oh. shit.
[THUNDERCLAP]
[GASPS]
Oh. no.
- [KNOCKING AT DOOR]
- Hey.
What's wrong?
She doesn't mean it.
I'll talk to her.
- She does. Andrew. She does.
- Millie. come here.
[VOICE SHAKING] She wants
to destroy my life.
and I don't know why.
No. she doesn't.
I will talk to her.
Andrew. I know you think
that I can do better.
but I need this job.
I can't lose it. I... I...
I do not want to go back.
- Go back where?
- [THUNDER RUMBLING]
You're not going
to lose your job.
Everything is going
to be okay.
- I promise you.
- [SNIFFLES]
Okay?
Don't cry. It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
[MILLIE SIGHS]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[BAD AS THE REST BY
JESSIE MURPH PLAYING]
♪ Fool me once
and it's "So what?"♪
♪ Fool me twice
I'm a dumb fuck ♪
♪ Three times. you like
every damn boy I ever loved ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
[MILLIE MOANS]
Take off my dress.
♪ You're telling me
that you're the exception ♪
♪ If you a good boy
with bad intentions ♪
[ZIPPER UNZIPPING]
♪ Tell me now ♪
♪ 'Cause it's kinda late ♪
♪ And I'm emotionally ♪
♪ Kinda twisted right around ♪
♪ And if I stay
another minute. babe ♪
♪ I'll say a thing
I never say ♪
♪ 'Cause something
'bout you breaks me down ♪
♪ I do not love you yet ♪
♪ But I'm 'bout
as close as I can get ♪
♪ Keep one last percent ♪
♪ Close to my chest ♪
♪ Just in case
you turn out bad as the rest ♪
♪ I will not be a fool ♪
♪ But for you. I might do
what dumb bitches do ♪
♪ Put on the dress say...♪
[MOANS SOFTLY]
[THUNDERCLAP]
♪ ...heart
from my place to your bed ♪
♪ I'm as bad as the rest ♪
[THUNDERCLAP]
[SIGHS]
Nina's coming home early.
So we have to beat her home.
We should get going.
- Okay.
- Okay?
This is gonna sound
really cheesy.
but I didn't think anybody
could look so beautiful
in the morning.
Nina can't ever know.
And this can't
ever happen again.
I really wish
things were different.
I wish I would have
met you before.
Me too.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
[SIGHS]
Nina?
Nina!
I'm gonna go get changed.
I'll start making lunch
just in case she comes back.
Ah. fuck it.
Hello?
Anybody home?
[OVEN DINGS]
Hi.
Welcome home.
- Thank you.
- Lunch is almost ready.
Oh. boy.
- Hi.
- Hey. sweetheart.
- Hi. What are you doing?
- I was just fixing the drain
in the upstairs guest bathroom.
It's a bit clogged.
I knew you would
try to do that.
I said the plumber's coming
on Tuesday.
No. I know. I was just
feeling extra manly today.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
How was the trip? How's Cece?
She's good.
Listen.
I'm very sorry
about last night.
It was a very long drive.
I was very tired. [CHUCKLES]
I do not sleep well in hotels.
turns out.
And I should not be left alone
with my phone.
So. lesson learned.
It's a new day.
- Please accept my apologies.
- Yeah. it's okay.
- I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
- [EXHALES]
- Let's get some food in ya.
- Yeah.
- NINA: Mm. Mm.
- NINA AND ANDREW: Hi.
- This looks fantastic.
- Yes.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
...you know? Hey. Millie.
- MILLIE: Mm-hmm.
- How was your night off?
Uh. my best friend Lexi
took me
- to Peter Luger.
- ANDREW: Hmm.
Um. she had a gift certificate.
It was really nice.
We had a lot of sides.
[CHUCKLES]
But I don't really eat meat.
This looks incredible.
So. thank you.
I don't know why
but my quiches never turn out.
I've been meaning to ask you.
Did you learn how to cook
while you were in prison?
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
You know. she was in prison
for ten years
before she came to
work with us.
Right?
I think it's brave.
making a new start
in a new town.
I'm glad that we could be
a part of your journey.
[NINA SIPS]
Oh.
We need a restock
of all of Cece's favorites
before she gets home.
You haven't really been
keeping up with that.
And could you... Sorry.
Could you use my car
for running errands
from now on
until you can save up
to get something nicer?
I'm afraid yours is becoming
an unwelcome topic
of conversation. Here you go.
- You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
[SIGHS] You okay?
Yeah.
MILLIE: I had it all wrong.
Nina was never
one of those women
just going with her gut.
She knew.
The whole fucking time.
she knew I needed this job
and couldn't leave.
no matter how shitty
she made my life.
What kind of bitch
does something like that?
CASHIER: Thanks.
have a good day.
Hello. Millie.
- Hi.
- Is that the newest phone?
What do you think
of that camera? It's...
pretty great. right?
I wouldn't know.
I only use it for work.
Well. still. you're very
trusting. [CHUCKLES]
What do you mean?
Pumpkin. most of the nannies
won't take the phone
'cause they don't want
every text.
every call.
every place you go tracked.
But. I mean.
you have nothing to hide. so...
good for you.
MILLIE: And that's
when I realized
that Nina knew everything.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
- OFFICER: Millie Calloway.
- Yeah?
Hands against the car. please.
What? Why?
I said.
"Hands against the car."
Ow! What did I do?
This car's been
reported stolen.
- What? No.
- [HANDCUFFS RATCHETING]
No. this is my boss's car.
[RATCHETING]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[SIREN CHIRPS]
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
ANDREW: Thank you.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you
the truth about prison.
I was in high school.
and it was a mistake. And...
You don't have
to explain anything.
The past is in the past.
Andrew. she knows.
I know.
Nina!
Nina. come down here.
What the hell kind
of stunt was that?
I know you took her
to the city.
I know you used
the hotel room.
And...
I know that you fucked her.
You're imagining things again.
Oh.
- Of course I am. [CHUCKLES]
- Yeah.
[INHALES]
I imagine
your parole officer is going
to be really interested
to know that you
no longer have a job
or... [INHALES]
...a place to live
and that you stole
thousands of dollars'
worth of my clothes
out of my closet.
You told me I could take them.
You said you didn't want them
anymore.
And off to prison you'll go...
Enough!
Nina. I don't know
who you are.
And. quite frankly.
your cruelty.
it makes me sick.
I'm sorry. Nina.
but I would like you...
I would like you
to leave.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
- What?
- I can't sit here
and watch you destroy
this poor girl's life.
I won't allow it.
Please leave my house.
Uh...
Our house.
It's my house.
This is our house.
My...
house.
You can't do that.
Now!
Please leave now.
Would you like help
packing your things?
Uh. what?
Would you like help
packing your things?
Fuck you.
[SIGHS]
[SOBBING]
[SCREAMING]
Uh. how we doing?
I need you to know
that it's not your fault.
This was a long time coming.
- Okay?
- What about Cece?
Don't worry. I'm talking
to my lawyers tomorrow.
I'm gonna get her back here.
make sure she's safe.
I'll start looking
for a new job.
What are you talking about?
My parole comes
with conditions.
I haven't felt this way about
somebody in a very long time.
possibly ever.
And I really...
I want to help you out.
I want to help you out
any way I can.
I want you
to stay here with me.
I want that too.
[BREAKING NEWS BY
FLOWEROVLOVE PLAYING]
♪ It's so unnatural
way you got me wrapped up ♪
♪ Yeah. you got me hooked up
Yeah. you...♪
[MILLIE GIGGLING]
♪ It's so magical what you do
with one touch ♪
♪ Yeah. you got me unstuck ♪
♪ Yeah. you got me
love-struck ♪
♪ Hi. hello ♪
♪ You've been running circles
in my head. you know ♪
♪ You said we were gonna
take it nice and slow ♪
♪ And now I'm telling everyone
I know ♪
Wow. that's
some A-plus oral hygiene.
"Beauty is power.
"A smile...
- "is its sword."
- [CHUCKLES]
That's my mom's favorite quote.
- Mmm.
- She is obsessed
with this smile.
- That's pretty cheesy.
- Yeah.
♪ Nothing will ever compare
to the way you do ♪
♪ If it's okay with you ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna love you
Gonna love you...♪
[MILLIE GIGGLING]
♪ ...time ♪
♪ Time. time. and time ♪
♪ It's so dramatic
how you're all that I've got ♪
♪ How you love me non-stop ♪
♪ And your hair is so hot ♪
♪ Hi. hello ♪
♪ You've been running circles
in my head. you know ♪
♪ You said we were gonna
take it nice and slow ♪
♪ And now
I'm telling everyone I know ♪
♪ And it's looking
all right with me. so ♪
♪ If it's okay with you...♪
What do you want?
ANDREW: Millie. are you okay?
Fuck.
- What happened?
- Trying to do breakfast in bed.
and then I saw
the creepy groundskeeper guy
just staring at me
through the window.
I've had enough
of that asshole.
Hey! Hey!
Come here.
Get your shit
and get out of here. Okay?
We don't need you anymore.
You're fired.
Fired!
Got that?
Fuck that guy. right?
Never understood why Nina wanted
him around so much.
I could never stand him.
I'm sorry. It's your mom's
good china. [CHUCKLES]
It's okay. Come here.
I don't want you to worry
about cleaning or cooking
or anything like that.
You could twist my arm.
Don't throw any of these out.
Okay?
Yeah.
I got a plate guy.
He's real good
at putting them back together.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
You'll learn.
[CHUCKLING]
[ANDREW CLEARS THROAT]
[SIGHS]
Welcome home.
- Hey.
- Hi.
The plates are still dirty.
I didn't want to cut myself
washing them.
- Oh. Mmm.
- Yeah.
- And I don't want that.
- Mm-mm.
Dinner smells really good.
- It does. doesn't it?
- Yeah.
What do you say we put a pin
in dinner for a little bit?
- Sure. Yeah.
- Yeah?
[ANDREW GRUNTS]
How do you feel
about champagne?
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[MILLIE SQUEAKS]
In here. seriously?
- Yeah. We'll be acrobatic.
- [CHUCKLES]
Bubbles. Bubbles.
ANDREW: Okay.
[FOIL CRINKLES
AND RIPS]
Ready?
[LOUD POP]
- Cheers.
- [GLASSES CLINK]
MILLIE: Cheers.
What do you think?
[MILLIE GIGGLES]
- You like it?
- It's really bubbly.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
Andrew?
Andrew. I'm stuck.
Andrew. can you open the door?
Andrew. can you hear me?
Can you let me out?
- ANDREW: I will.
- [PANTING]
Just not yet.
What... What do you mean?
What are you talking about.
Andrew? Let me out.
Andrew. come on.
Is this a game?
I wish it was.
[CHUCKLING] What?
What are you talking about?
Andrew. open the door.
- [KNOCK AT DOOR]
- [DOORKNOB RATTLES]
- Andrew! Open the door. Andrew!
- [KNOCKING AT DOOR]
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
- Andrew. let me out of here!
Let me out of here!
[SCREAMING]
[LAUGHING]
[CAR HONKS]
[CHUCKLING] Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
Let's get the hell out of here.
[EXCLAIMS LOUDLY] Whoo!
[SINCE U BEEN GONE BY
KELLY CLARKSON PLAYING]
♪ Since you been gone ♪
♪ I can breathe
for the first time ♪
♪ I'm so movin' on
yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Thanks to you
Thanks to you ♪
♪ Now I get ♪
♪ I get what I want ♪
♪ I can breathe
for the first time ♪
♪ I'm so movin' on
yeah. yeah ♪
Fuck you. Andrew!
Oh. fuck you.
♪ You should know ♪
♪ That I get
I get what I want ♪
♪ Since you been gone ♪
NINA: Dear Cece.
if you're reading this.
I'm either dead
or you just turned 18.
Either way.
I needed you to know
that your mother was
a fucking idiot.
Full stop.
What do you expect from
a girl whose parents died
when she was eight
and spent the rest
of her childhood
in shitty foster homes?
I did not.
as Andrew likes to insinuate.
have anything to do
with that fire
that killed them.
I love my parents more than
anything in the world.
and for a long time.
I wish I'd gone
right up with them.
But I didn't.
So I had to keep living.
Abandonment issues.
trust issues.
self-esteem issues.
I filled the whole bingo card.
I'm not sure if it was
a miracle or just dumb luck
that I survived my childhood.
but I eventually
scholarshipped my way
into law school.
And I almost made it
to the other side.
Almost.
But there was
that married professor
who knocked me up.
He didn't want anything
to do with us.
Sometimes I think about
that law degree I bailed on.
whether it would have made
a difference in the end.
[BABY COOS]
[MAN OVER PHONE]
Nina. get in here
with the Grady spreadsheets.
Coming.
Is there a way
I can get some of her money?
Well. you're asking yourself.
"Will this arbitration
ever end?"
- There they are.
- Hi.
Jesus Christ. Nina!
MAN: Go clean yourself up.
[CHUCKLING] God.
Oh. sorry.
What the fuck?
Right?
NINA: It's amazing
what you'll trade away
for the sweet relief
of health insurance
and child care.
And it was that exact moment...
he came into my life.
- Hi.
- I'm so sorry about Lynch.
The guy can be a real asshole.
That's why he's my lawyer.
[CHUCKLING]
- Yeah.
- Are you okay?
Uh. no. I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'm okay.
I just feel really bad
about what happened.
and I'd love
to take you to lunch.
Oh. you don't have to do that.
I want to.
NINA: At the time.
I thought he was
so goddamn charming.
humble. handsome.
a million-dollar smile.
- Mmm.
- Um...
Hey. I was thinking maybe
we could go out sometime.
My mother loves children.
She could babysit.
Or. of course. your daughter
could come with us.
I would love that.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
It took him six days
to get in my pants
and six weeks to propose.
Oh. my God.
Are you kidding me?
Andrew!
Honestly. I would have
said yes halfway through
that first fucking lunch.
How was I supposed to resist
a knight in shining armor?
The house should
have been a tip-off.
A storybook kingdom he built
for some mysterious fiancee
named Kathy.
who jilted him.
I should have asked
what happened to her.
but I didn't.
"Her loss." I thought.
Wow.
Something smells amazing!
What is that?
I think
what you're smelling is
the vanilla cardamom
coffee cake I just made.
and you're gonna be
my guinea pig.
Oh. I'd love to be.
I hate to break it to you.
sweetheart.
but your roots are
making a break for it.
Well. good news. I just made
a salon appointment with Mark.
and he's gonna beat them
back in today.
ANDREW: Mmm.
- I love Mark for that.
- [CHUCKLES]
Andy. hi.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
- Oh. that's okay.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
Stopped by
that Thai place you like.
Want me
to make you a cocktail?
- There she is. Hi. Hi.
- Hi. [CHUCKLING]
[ANDREW MOANS]
Was someone a silly goose
and forget
to get their roots done?
Mmm. Mm. Mm.
I got caught
at the park with Cece
before I dropped her off
at Lena's. I'm sorry.
I'm gonna reschedule
and get this stuff
on the table.
Hey. before you do that...
you think you can give me
a hand with something?
[EXHALES]
What?
I just have this last-minute
meeting with the board.
and there's these notes.
I cannot seem to find them.
I think they're upstairs
in the storage room.
- Right now?
- Yeah.
- Can you give me a hand?
- You know it.
- Thank you.
NINA: Ah.
I'll go turn the light on.
I'll be right up.
Okay.
[LOCK CLICKS]
- Babe. there's no files in here.
- I know.
NINA: Babe.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
- [CHUCKLES]
- Andy.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
- Andy?
- [KNOCKING AT DOOR]
ANDREW: I'm here.
- Andy. it's locked.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
I am very disappointed. Nina.
[CHUCKLING] What the fuck
are you talking about?
Your hair is a privilege
and it needs to be cared for.
[DOORKNOB RATTLES]
NINA: Um...
My hair?
Are you aware
of how embarrassing it is
to have your wife walking around
town with her roots showing?
I'm gonna make
another appointment.
I told ya.
I need you to be better.
For the both of us.
I really do.
Andy. I'm gonna get
my fucking roots fixed. okay?
So you can let me out
of the room now. please.
I will.
Just not yet.
I need you to understand
that there are consequences
to your actions.
What are you
fucking talking about?
I have an envelope. which I will
be sliding under the door.
Now. listen
very carefully. please.
I need you to...
pluck 100 hairs
from your scalp
with the roots intact.
- Um. what?
- Nina.
I need to see those follicles.
Okay. babe. you got me.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
- That was good.
You got me.
Please let me out.
Once you've done that.
please put them back
in the envelope
and slide it under the door.
and then we can discuss
your freedom.
Andy!
This isn't funny!
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
- Andy!
- I'm not doing this anymore.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
Please let me out
of the fucking room!
I'm so sorry.
- Andy.
- [KNOCKING AT DOOR]
And I love you so much.
Babe?
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
Andy?
- Andy!
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
Cece! Andy! Please!
- [BANGS]
- Fuck!
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
NINA: Who was
this man I married?
What had I done
to deserve this?
No food.
Three tiny bottles of water.
The only bathroom was
a bucket in the closet.
I thought back to when it was
just me and you. Cece.
I had no idea
how good we had it.
Even if we were constantly
on the brink
of financial disaster.
Now what choice did I have
but to obey this fucker
if I ever wanted
to see you again?
[WHIMPERS]
Andrew.
I did everything
that you asked me to do.
Can you let me out. please?
One of the strands didn't
have a follicle.
so you have to start again.
[INHALES] What?
Andrew. Andrew. please.
Please be more careful
this time.
[BANGING ON DOOR]
- Andrew! Please!
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
[CRYING] Please!
Andrew. please!
Andrew!
[SIGHS]
Oh... [GRUNTING] ...fuck!
[LOCK CLICKING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
This was for your own good.
If you'd let me.
I can help you
become a better person.
NINA: Mmm.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[PANTING] Cece.
Cece!
[PANTING]
Oh. baby. hi. Hi. come here.
Come here.
[SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING]
[CECE CRYING]
[STIRS]
[WATER RUNNING]
Oh.
[WATER CONTINUES RUNNING]
[NINA PANTING]
Cece!
No!
[SCREAMING]
NINA: If I were the police.
maybe I would have
thought the same thing.
that I had drugged
and tried to drown my baby.
that I had swallowed
a bottle of pills
and tried to off myself. too.
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
NINA: No one would
believe my husband was
a cruel. sadistic monster.
How could a man that handsome.
that successful.
that well-loved
be anything but a saint?
There is nothing in that attic
except boxes and papers. Nina.
When you're having delusions.
they can feel very real.
even when they're not.
NINA: While they pumped me
full of antipsychotics.
antidepressants.
all I could think about
was you.
After nine months.
I realized the only way
to get back to you
was to admit...
what I'd done.
So. I fell on my knees.
confessed everything
and begged for my freedom.
We're gonna be so happy. Nina.
As long as you follow
the rules.
[ENGINE STARTS]
NINA: But by that time.
I understood
I'd never be free.
No matter
how hard I tried to prove
I was the happiest.
most perfect wife...
- [MAN LAUGHING]
- ...in the entire world.
Andrew had convinced
all those adoring
shit-for-brain vipers
that I was crazy.
dangerous. unfit
to raise my own daughter.
And he was crowned
Husband of the Year
for sticking
by his unhinged wife.
Of course.
he wanted his own baby.
But there was no way
I was gonna let him plant
his evil seed in me.
I snuck away to the city.
got an IUD.
the same doctor I eventually
blackmailed to lie
and tell Andrew
that I was fresh out of eggs.
Anything was an excuse
to lock me up.
Leaving the lights on.
when you spilled your juice
at the breakfast table.
And any time I fought back.
he made sure to remind me
that he held all the cards.
Enzo was my only connection
to the outside world.
the only one who believed me.
He tried to help us escape.
He got us fake passports.
but Andrew found them
in my drawer
and back to the institution
I went.
Every asset was in his name.
I had no money. no credit.
no family. no friends.
I was
a psych ward frequent flier
with zero chance at custody.
If I tried to run.
Andrew would hunt me down
and drag us back.
and everyone would
call him a hero.
I was trapped.
There was no chance in hell
he would ever let me leave
the marriage alive.
And if I died.
what would become of you?
What had I done
bringing this man
into your life?
And then it dawned on me.
Andrew did have a weakness.
his need to be adored.
So I started making a plan.
- You went away again.
- NINA: I know.
And now I'm back.
[SIGHS] Andrew found
the passports.
Look. I know a guy
who could help.
I think that would only
make things worse for me.
I could help you.
You need to stay
out of this. Enzo.
Listen to me carefully.
All right? I lost a sister
to a man like Andrew.
and I will not let
this happen again.
So now you go.
you pack your bag.
you take Cece.
and you leave right now.
I will take care of Andrew.
No.
Andrew's gonna leave me.
How?
NINA: Millie was
exactly Andrew's type.
Pretty. smart. blonde.
all alone in the world.
someone he'd want to save.
Disowned by her parents.
fired from her last job.
broke. no friends.
living in her car.
and the crown jewel.
out on parole
after serving ten years
of a 15 year sentence.
And not for drugs
or drunk driving
or some other teen bullshit.
She was in prison for murder.
My plan was to hire
a pretty girl to replace me.
But once I met Millie.
I came up with a better plan.
Enzo begged me
to find another way.
to leave Millie
out of all this. but...
I knew it was the only way
I could truly be free
from Andrew.
I made him promise
not to interfere.
It was her
or it was Cece and me.
He reluctantly agreed.
but he said he would stay
to keep an eye on her.
Part of me hopes
you'll never read this.
But if you do.
I'm glad you know
the whole story now.
I just needed you to know
I wasn't a bad person.
Hiring Millie was the only way
I could keep you safe
and set us both free.
if we get lucky enough
to make it
all the way to free.
And I figured if anyone could
take care of this situation.
it was her.
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
- Millie.
- Ah!
Millie. please stop.
Please?
Open the door.
- I can't do that.
- Why not? Come on.
I will.
Just not yet.
Andrew. what the fuck
do you want?
It's irreplaceable. Millie.
What?
My grandmother.
she brought this china
all the way from London.
And my mother.
she served every single
holiday meal on it
with not so much
as a single chip.
And then you drop it.
Like a careless child.
you drop it.
And on top of that.
you don't even clean it.
It was an accident. Andrew.
Family heirlooms are
a privilege. Millie.
And now one of mine
is in 21 pieces.
and you didn't even clean it.
- [DOORKNOB RATTLES]
- Let me out.
you're a fucking psychopath!
I will let you out.
But first. you need to atone.
- So what you're gonna do...
- [WHIMPERS]
...is you're gonna take this
piece right here in my hand.
and you're gonna carve
21 lines into your stomach.
one for every piece
that you fucking broke.
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Once you've done that.
we can discuss your freedom.
If...
you don't do it properly.
you are just going
to have to do it again.
So I suggest you do it right
the first time.
In your fucking dreams.
And I need these to be
long and deep cuts.
Oh. and please slide the piece
under the door when you're done.
I'll be watching.
[DOORKNOB RATTLING]
MILLIE: Andrew?
[BANGING ON DOOR]
Andrew!
[GROANS] Andrew!
- [BANGS]
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
Andrew!
- [BANGS ON DOOR]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
MILLIE: It's pretty clear now
that Nina knew
everything about me
from the moment
I walked through her door.
It's funny.
The boy I went to prison for
was a lot like Andrew.
Stupid rich.
good looking.
adored by everyone.
A saint.
[BOY MOANS]
[GIRL WHIMPERS]
Help.
- [BOY MOANS]
- [FLESH SQUELCHING]
[MILLIE GRUNTS]
[BOY GROANING]
MILLIE: I didn't mean
to kill him...
- [GRUNTS]
- ...but I'm not sorry I did.
[GIRL CRYING] Millie.
what did you do?
Oh. my God. what did you do?
MILLIE: I was trying
to do a good thing.
but my roommate
denied everything.
I don't know why.
Everyone believed
the rich kids.
not the scholarship
charity case.
Even my parents.
The only option was
to take a plea deal.
Manslaughter.
fifteen years.
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
MILLIE: I made parole
after ten.
It wasn't a smooth transition
into the real world.
I guess I don't handle
creeps very well.
[MAN GROANS]
Keep your hands off us.
Charlie. you fucking freak.
Nina was looking
for an escape hatch.
I was it.
Good for her. I guess.
Now I'm the butterfly
in the box.
All those years I persisted.
I survived.
I fought back.
But in the end.
there's only one way out
for girls like me.
Surrender
and hope for the best.
[GROANS]
[GROANING
AND BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANS]
[CRYING]
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANS]
[GROANING
AND BREATHING HEAVILY]
Andrew. I did it!
Andrew. you can
let me out now!
- [GROANS]
- [CHINA SCRAPES]
[GROANS]
I had two days left.
I know.
but we have to go.
Where?
We are gonna find
somewhere new to live.
Just the two of us.
We're free.
What?
What about Millie?
Millie's... gonna
stay with Daddy.
I think we should
take her with us.
Millie can take care
of herself.
[DOORKNOB CLICKS]
[ANDREW SIGHS]
Good morning. sleepyhead.
How are you?
I'm okay.
I really do want
a life with you.
I really do.
You just need to learn
that there's consequences
to your actions.
Think about it.
You'll have everything
you've ever wanted.
An education.
financial stability.
a beautiful home.
a family.
Isn't that what you want?
I do want those things.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
So do I.
Just not with you. asshole.
- [ANDREW GROANS]
- [FLESH SQUELCHING]
God! God damn!
- [MILLIE YELPS]
[ANDREW GRUNTS]
Millie. come here!
- [ANDREW GRUNTS]
- [MILLIE GRUNTS]
[ANDREW GROANS]
- No. Millie. No!
- [KNIFE CLINKS]
Millie! Fuck! Millie!
Come on!
Open the fucking door! Now!
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
- I am going to call the cops
and you're gonna rot
in fucking prison.
Open the fucking door!
ANDREW: Fuck!
Let me out!
I need a fucking sandwich.
Open the door!
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
Let me the fuck out!
Fuck!
[BLUE BAYOU BY
LINDA RONSTADT PLAYING]
♪ I feel so bad
I got a worried mind ♪
♪ I'm so lonesome
all the time ♪
♪ Since I left my baby behind
On Blue Bayou ♪
♪ Saving nickels
saving dimes ♪
♪ Working till
the sun don't shine ♪
♪ Looking forward
to happier times ♪
♪ On Blue Bayou ♪
[PHONE CHIMES]
♪ I'm going back someday ♪
♪ Come what may
to Blue Bayou ♪
♪ Where the folks are fine
and the world is mine ♪
♪ On Blue Bayou ♪
♪ Where those fishing boats
with their sails afloat ♪
♪ If I could only see ♪
♪ That familiar sunrise ♪
♪ Through sleepy eyes ♪
♪ How happy I'd be ♪
♪ Gonna see my baby again ♪
[OBJECTS CLATTERING]
Millie?
[SIGHS] Millie.
[SONG FADES TO OMINOUS MUSIC]
Millie. are you there?
I'm here.
I'm so sorry. Millie.
I really fucked up.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
I did a really terrible thing.
[EXHALES]
[CHUCKLES] I just have such
a bad temper sometimes.
But I want to be better.
I know I can be better.
I want you
to help me be better.
I need somebody to help me.
Can you open
this door. please?
I'm so thirsty. Can you please
open the door
so I can get some water?
I will.
You will?
Yeah.
Just not yet.
I want you to do
something for me first.
[SIGHS]
What do you need me to do?
I need you to pull out
your front tooth.
What?
I think it would be good
for you to be without that smile
that makes all the bitches
in the neighborhood
just fall under
your fucking toxic spell.
to be without that smile
that your mother loves
so much.
Millie. I'm not doing that.
I thought you said
you wanted my help.
and I was here
offering it to you.
but if you don't want it.
I'll go.
You're out
of your fucking mind.
I'm not pulling my tooth out.
You know. Andrew. I've been
kind of locked up in a room
and the idea of consequences...
has been on my mind.
Millie. let me the fuck out!
Okay.
What if I sweeten the pot?
You know. the teapot.
- [UNZIPPING]
- What are you doing?
[MILLIE GROANS]
Mother Winchester's
heirloom dishes are
really. really fucking nice.
Millie. stop it!
Millie. stop.
These cups. they're like
little doll cups. Andrew!
Millie. stop it right now!
- Like a doll cup.
- Stop it. right now!
Millie! Stop it!
Cece would've loved
to drink juice out of these.
Millie. please. stop it.
- Stop it! Stop it. Millie!
- What... A gravy boat?
I fucking love gravy.
I had no idea they made these.
Please. Millie. Millie.
Millie. stop it right now!
Huh.
Please. stop! Stop!
Millie. please!
Little plates. just breaking.
Stop it right
the fuck now. Millie!
Millie. what do you want?
I'll give you anything.
You want fucking money?
I'll give you money!
I hope your plate guy's
really fucking good.
What the fuck do you want?
Okay. so we're bargaining now.
That's a really good sign.
But what I want you
to do. Andrew.
is pull out
your fucking tooth.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Not if I kill you first.
Fuck you.
So Nina didn't tell you
why I was in prison. huh?
I was imprisoned for murder.
- What are you doing? Millie?
- [DOORKNOB RATTLING]
Millie. what are
you doing? Millie!
Millie.
Millie?
Okay. okay. okay.
Millie. Millie. stop.
- Stop. stop. stop! Stop! Stop!
- [BANGING ON DOOR]
Okay. okay. Okay.
I'll do it. I'll do it.
Okay. wait. I wanna watch.
[GROANS]
Okay. [GRUNTS]
[GRUMBLES]
Okay. put some elbow grease
into it.
[ANDREW CHUCKLES]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[COUGHING]
[GROANS]
I did it.
Millie. let me out.
Okay. slide it under the door.
ANDREW: Here.
Please let me out.
I'll come back in the morning.
What?
What? No. Millie. come back!
No. Millie. Millie let me out!
Let me out!
If he wants
to step into my shoes...
MAN ON TV: ...with my doctor
or have the cook flavor
my omelet with arsenic. eh?
What are the odds. gentlemen.
that I live to see
Mr. Barry hanged?
MAN 2: [ON TV] ...in James'
chronicle. dive at spa...
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
ON TV]
...should've seen the look
on the Frenchmen's faces
when 23 rampaged...
- [FLOORBOARD CREAKING]
- [GASPS]
MAN 3: ...and there
were cannonballs.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
ON TV]
[FOOTSTEPS LIGHTLY THUD]
NINA: [SOFTLY] Millie.
Hey. it's Nina.
You okay? I'm gonna
get you out of here.
Nina. what the fuck
are you doing?
I missed you so much!
- [NINA GROANS]
- [ANDREW GRUNTS]
[NINA GROANS]
ANDREW: You knew she'd
do this to me. didn't you?
[GROANS] Fuck!
Millie!
[MILLIE SCREAMS]
[ANDREW GROANS]
- Come here. Millie.
- [GROANS]
What are you gonna do. Millie?
- [CRACKING]
- [ANDREW GROANS]
[ANDREW GROANS]
Millie! Motherfucker!
Millie!
[GRUNTS]
Millie! Come on. baby.
Come on. Millie.
[GRUMBLES] What the fuck!
Millie!
Millie?
Come on. Millie.
Come on. baby.
Millie?
♪ Will your eyes return
to mine?♪
Will you come
the fuck out. Millie?
Come on. baby.
I need you. Millie. Millie!
Millie. get the fuck out here!
NINA: [SHRIEKING]
Leave her alone!
Millie! I miss you
so fucking much.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[EXHALES]
Millie's gone.
- [ANDREW COUGHS]
- [EXHALES]
So I guess you...
I guess you just came back
for nothing.
NINA: Guess I did.
ANDREW: Yeah. Sorry.
NINA: Mmm.
[GIGGLES SOFTLY]
Look at us.
I fucked up
really bad.
Yeah.
I can admit when I'm wrong.
you know that.
[SIGHS]
We just sweep this
under the rug and we...
start fresh.
Pretend like
this didn't happen. Please?
[ANDREW CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
I'm sorry.
I still love you.
I mean.
you're still just the...
cute. helpless secretary I saw
sitting there in that office
with your leaky boobs.
Oh. [CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS]
You were so cute.
And I just tried to help you.
I just tried to help you bring
that baby into the world.
who had no hope
of a future at all.
- Oh. God.
- See.
You can't... What...
What are you gonna...
What are you gonna do
out there?
You can't. Nina.
you can't find this.
I might.
At this age?
I don't think so. baby.
One call and Millie is
back in prison. rotting away.
One week on your own
and you will be begging me...
to take you back.
So just... just stay.
Please.
Just stay.
[CRIES SOFTLY]
Sweetheart...
everything you have is a lie.
Your daddy just handed you
your career.
Your child isn't
even really yours.
You have a wife
who fucking hates you.
And all these years
I've been watching you
dance around
like a fucking clown
just to get a little tiny
semblance of affection
from your cunt mother.
And you know what?
I almost feel sorry for you.
But I'd rather be dead...
than spend another day
with you. you fucking monster.
It would be my pleasure.
- [GRUNTS]
- Pleasure's all mine.
[ANDREW EXCLAIMS]
- [BANGS]
- [CRACKS]
- [BONES CRACK]
- [THUDS]
What are you doing?
[NINA STRAINS]
[SHATTERS]
He fell...
trying to change a light bulb.
You know how he was.
Everything had to be perfect.
[SOFT THUD]
Run.
Don't come back.
You didn't kill him. I did.
No one's gonna believe that he
fell changing a lightbulb. Nina.
I guess we're gonna find out.
Go.
You didn't
deserve any of this.
Neither did you.
Actions have
consequences. Andrew.
Enzo. it's done.
I'm gonna need
your help cleaning up.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
- OFFICER: This must be
quite a shock.
- [SIGHS]
You said you just
returned home this evening
after visiting your daughter
at camp.
And your housekeeper had
the week off.
That's right. Yeah.
Do you have any idea
why your husband might have
decided to change a light bulb
in the middle of the night?
I...
I guess.
you know. well.
he liked things...
[VOICE BREAKING]
...to be a certain way.
everything perfect.
He had quite a deep cut
on his neck.
You don't normally see that
from a fall.
I actually knew your husband
a little bit.
He was engaged
to my sister. Kathleen.
Kathy.
Eight years ago.
she showed up on my doorstep
in the middle of the night
and she was never
the same after that.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It must have been
quite a violent fall.
Lots of impact.
Skin breaks.
Bones break.
Teeth break.
[INHALES]
It seems to me this is
just one of those
freak household accidents.
Sometimes bad things happen
to good people.
We gather here today
to mourn the tragic passing
of Andrew Winchester.
Devoted son.
dedicated husband and father.
a respected business leader.
and true pillar
of the community.
His untimely death has
left us all
with a sense of shock.
that such a vital
and caring man could
suddenly be taken from us.
We struggle in these times
to understand God's plan.
and it is natural to question
God's power in times of grief.
But we must
never lose our faith
- in God's love.
- Hi. Thank you for coming.
Thank you.
- Hi.
- Nina.
I'm so sorry.
Now. are you sure you're still
gonna sell the house?
What are you gonna do
all the way out in California?
Oh. well. I think we'll manage.
I'm so sorry about your son.
What a terrible accident.
He had a beautiful smile.
- didn't he?
- The best.
You know. they told me
he was missing a tooth
when they found him.
- Oh. my God.
- My God.
Yeah. Did you know that?
Did you?
That a tooth was gone?
If you don't take care
of your teeth.
you lose the privilege
of having them.
because teeth...
are a privilege.
- My condolences.
- Take good care.
This is how
you allow her to dress
for her father's funeral?
NINA: Hey.
Excuse me.
I told you to run.
I can't run.
I'm on parole. Remember?
Just make a life for yourself.
Wow. Well. tell me
about yourself. Millie.
Well. I definitely didn't plan
on being a housemaid.
It sort of just
fell into my lap.
and I realized
I really enjoy it.
For the right families.
of course.
Nina Winchester
recommended you very highly.
She...
She suggested you. actually.
Mrs. Winchester was
a pleasure to work for.
I...
I have to warn you.
My husband is a...
hard man to please.
So do you think you can help?
When would
you like me to start?
[I DID SOMETHING BAD
BY TAYLOR SWIFT PLAYING]
♪ They say I did
something bad ♪
♪ Then why's it feel
so good?♪
♪ They say I did
something bad ♪
♪ But why's it feel so good?♪
♪ Most fun I ever had ♪
♪ And I'd do it over and over
and over again if I could ♪
♪ It just felt so good. good ♪
♪ I never trust a playboy
but they love me ♪
♪ So I fly 'em
all around the world ♪
♪ And I let them think
they saved me ♪
♪ They never see it comin'
what I do next ♪
♪ This is
how the world works ♪
♪ You gotta leave
before you get left ♪
♪ I can feel
the flames on my skin ♪
♪ He says. "Don't throw away
a good thing"♪
♪ But if he drops my name
then I owe him nothin'♪
♪ And if he spends my change
then he had it comin'♪
♪ They say
I did something bad ♪
♪ Then why's it feel
so good?♪
♪ So good ♪
♪ They say
I did something bad ♪
♪ Then why's it feel
so good?♪
♪ Most fun I ever had ♪
♪ And I'd do it over and over
and over again if I could ♪
♪ It just felt so good. good ♪
♪ Oh. you say
I did something bad ♪
♪ Why's it feel
so good. good?♪
[THE ANGEL AND THE SAINT
BY GOLDIE BOUTILIER PLAYING]
♪ Goodbye. goodbye. goodbye ♪
♪ I'm gone. ye. ye. ye ♪
♪ So long. so long. so long ♪
♪ So long. ye. ye. ye ♪
♪ I've paid my dues
I have done my time ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I've got wings
I don't need chains ♪
♪ Cut the strings ♪
♪ I feel no shame ♪
♪ I'm an angel ♪
♪ But I'm no saint ♪
[GUITAR SOLO PLAYING]
♪ I've got wings
I don't need chains ♪
♪ Cut the strings
I feel no shame ♪
♪ I'm an angel ♪
♪ But I'm no saint ♪
♪ Good luck
good luck. good luck ♪
♪ Take it all ♪
♪ I don't need it ♪
♪ I'm gone
I'm gone. I'm gone ♪
♪ I'm gone ♪
♪ And I mean it ♪
♪ Did what I had to do
to make it out alive ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm